---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_cluster_role_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_cluster_role_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterRole defines a set of permissions to access EDA resources.
ClusterRoles and users are bound via groups, selecting a set of users and a set of ClusterRoles to bind. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) RoleStatus defines the observed state of Role (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description for the role.
- `resource_rules` (Attributes List) Rules for access to resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--resource_rules))
- `table_rules` (Attributes List) Rules for access to EDB tables, including via EQL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--table_rules))
- `url_rules` (Attributes List) Rules for access to APIServer proxied routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--url_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--resource_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.resource_rules`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) The API groups for the resources controlled by the rule.
An API group consists of an apiGroup and a version, e.g. "apigroup/version".
The API group can be a wildcard ("*"), in which case it will match any API group.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions for resources specified by the rule.
- `resources` (List of String) Names for the resources controlled by the rule.
It can be a wildcard ("*"), in which case it will match any resource
in the matching API groups.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--table_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.table_rules`

Optional:

- `path` (String) EDB path to which this rule applies. It can end in ".*"
in which case the final portion of the table path can be anything, if the
prefix matches. It can end in ".**" in which case the table path can be
anything if the prefix matches.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions for the given EDB path.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--url_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.url_rules`

Optional:

- `path` (String) The API server URL path to which this rule applies. It can end in "/*"
in which case the final portion of the URL path can be anything, if the
prefix matches. It can end in "/**" in which case the URL path can be
anything if the prefix matches.
- `permissions` (String) The permissions for the API server URL for the rule.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
