---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_deviation_action_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_deviation_action_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) DeviationAction allows manual and API-driven actions to be performed on Deviation resources.
They are the only means to which and end user can accept or reject deviations, as Deviation resources themselves are read only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DeviationActionStatus defines the observed state of DeviationAction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `actions` (Attributes List) The set of actions to perform on the target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--actions))
- `node_endpoint` (String) The target on which this action is to be performed.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.actions`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to perform on matching Deviations.
- `path` (String) Path to match Deviation resources on this target. Only one action is allowed per path.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Recursively accept/reject Deviations from the specified path.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `result` (String) The result of the set of actions.
- `transaction_id` (Number) The transaction id these actions were part of.
