---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_deviation_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_deviation_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Deviations are used to represent differences between the intended and actual state of a target.
They indicate the intended state - or the computed configuration EDA expects, and compare this to the actual or running state, or the configuration retrieved from the target.
Deviations are most often generated by out-of-band changes to a target by an external system or user, and
can be accepted or rejected. Rejecting a Deviation will result in the intended configuration being re-applied, undoing the out-of-band change.
Deviations are raised per table, meaning a single change on a target may result in more than one Deviation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DeviationStatus defines the observed state of Deviation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `accepted` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Deviation has been accepted.
- `associated_crs` (Attributes List) Resources impacted by this Deviation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--associated_crs))
- `intended_values` (String) JSON object containing intended values of fields at the specified path.
- `node_endpoint` (String) Target on which this Deviation is present.
- `operation` (String) Indicates the operation in this Deviation.
- `path` (String) Path on the target this Deviation is present at. This path is relative to the target's root, without any EDA prefixes - for example ".system" rather than ".namespace.node.srl.system".
- `running_values` (String) JSON object containing running values of fields at the specified path.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--associated_crs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.associated_crs`

Optional:

- `group_version` (String) Group and version of the resource.
- `kind` (String) Kind of the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
