---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_deviation_action Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_deviation_action (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the DeviationAction
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) DeviationAction allows manual and API-driven actions to be performed on Deviation resources.
They are the only means to which and end user can accept or reject deviations, as Deviation resources themselves are read only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DeviationActionStatus defines the observed state of DeviationAction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `actions` (Attributes List) The set of actions to perform on the target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--actions))
- `node_endpoint` (String) The target on which this action is to be performed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.actions`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to perform on matching Deviations.
- `path` (String) Path to match Deviation resources on this target. Only one action is allowed per path.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Recursively accept/reject Deviations from the specified path.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `result` (String) The result of the set of actions.
- `transaction_id` (Number) The transaction id these actions were part of.
