---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_http_proxy_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_http_proxy_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) HttpProxySpec defines the desired state of HttpProxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) HttpProxyStatus defines the observed state of HttpProxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `auth_type` (String) Determines where authentication happens.
If "atDestination", then no authentication happens in API server and any auth tokens are forwarded as is.
If "inApiServer", then authentication happens within the API server and auth tokens are stripped prior to forwarding.
- `root_url` (String) The proxy destination, including the protocol.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
