---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_index_allocation_pool_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_index_allocation_pool_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) IndexAllocationPool is a generic allocation pool supporting allocation of indexes from a set of segments.
It supports allocating things like VLANs, subinterface indexes, autonomous system numbers, or any other integer-based index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) IndexAllocationPoolStatus defines the observed state of IndexAllocationPool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `publish_allocations` (Boolean) If true, allocations in segments will be published to EDB, available to query via EQL and trigger state applications off of.
- `segments` (Attributes List) List of segments containing indexes to allocate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--segments))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.segments`

Optional:

- `allocations` (Attributes List) List of reservations to exclude from allocations from this segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--segments--allocations))
- `reservations` (Attributes List) Range of reservations to exclude from allocations from this segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--segments--reservations))
- `size` (Number) Number of elements in the segment.
- `start` (Number) Starting value of the segment.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--segments--allocations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.segments.allocations`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of this allocation.
- `value` (Number) Index to reserve.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--segments--reservations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.segments.reservations`

Optional:

- `end` (Number) Value to reserve to.
- `start` (Number) Value to start reserving.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
