---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_license_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_license_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) A License represents an application license providing functionality within EDA. A license providing the "base" feature must be provided/valid for transactions to be processed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) Status information for this license. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `data` (String) The license key. This is a base64 encoded string.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if this license is available for use.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Any comment provided in the license.
- `expiration_date` (String) Date and time the license expires.
- `expired` (Boolean) Indicates if the license has expired.
- `issued_date` (String) Date and time the license was issued.
- `used` (Boolean) Indicates if license has been used.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicates if the license is valid.
