---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_node_user_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_node_user_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The NodeUser resource represents a user that can be deployed to a set of TopoNodes. It supports managing the user's password, SSH keys, and group bindings.
Additionally a NodeUser is referenced by a NodeProfile to indicate how NPP should connect to TopoNodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) Deployment status of this NodeUser. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `group_bindings` (Attributes List) Matching of this user to node-specific permissions via groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--group_bindings))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for this user.
- `ssh_public_keys` (List of String) SSH public keys to deploy for the user.
- `username` (String) Name of this user. If not provided, the name of the resource will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--group_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.group_bindings`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) Assigned groups for this user.
- `node_selector` (List of String) Selector to use when selecting TopoNodes to deploy this user to.
- `nodes` (List of String) TopoNodes to deploy this user to.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `group_bindings` (Attributes List) List of TopoNodes user has been deployed to, along with corresponding groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--group_bindings))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--group_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.group_bindings`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (List of String) Groups this user is a member of on this node.
- `node` (String) Node this user is deployed to.
