---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_role Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_role (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the Role
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) RoleSpec defines the desired state of Role (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) RoleStatus defines the observed state of Role (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description for the role.
- `resource_rules` (Attributes List) The rules for access to kubernetes resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--resource_rules))
- `table_rules` (Attributes List) The rules for access to the database tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--table_rules))
- `url_rules` (Attributes List) The rules for access to api-server proxied routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--url_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--resource_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.resource_rules`

Optional:

- `api_groups` (List of String) The API groups for the resources controlled by the rule.
An API group consists of an apiGroup and a version, e.g. "apigroup/version".
The API group can be a wildcard ("*"), in which case it will match any API group.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions for resources specified by the rule.
- `resources` (List of String) Names for the resources controlled by the rule.
It can be a wildcard ("*"), in which case it will match any resource
in the matching API groups.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--table_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.table_rules`

Optional:

- `path` (String) EDB path to which this rule applies. It can end in ".*"
in which case the final portion of the table path can be anything, if the
prefix matches. It can end in ".**" in which case the table path can be
anything if the prefix matches.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions for the given EDB path.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--url_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.url_rules`

Optional:

- `path` (String) The API server URL path to which this rule applies. It can end in "/*"
in which case the final portion of the URL path can be anything, if the
prefix matches. It can end in "/**" in which case the URL path can be
anything if the prefix matches.
- `permissions` (String) The permissions for the API server URL for the rule.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
