---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_subnet_allocation_pool_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_subnet_allocation_pool_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) SubnetAllocationPool is a generic subnet allocation pool supporting allocation of IPv4 and/or IPv6 child subnets from a list of parent subnet segments.
It allocates a subnet of the configured length from the provided parent subnet.
For example a pool could return 10.1.0.8/29 when a segment is defined as subnet 10.1.0.0/16 with subnet length 29.
Consult application documentation to know which pool type to use for a given use case. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) SubnetAllocationPoolStatus defines the observed state of SubnetAllocationPool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `publish_allocations` (Boolean) If true, allocations in segments will be published to EDB, available to query via EQL and trigger state applications off of.
- `segments` (Attributes List) List of segments containing subnets to allocate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--segments))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.segments`

Optional:

- `allocations` (Attributes List) List of reservations to exclude from allocations from this segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--segments--allocations))
- `reservations` (Attributes List) List of ranges to exclude from allocations from this segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--segments--reservations))
- `subnet` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 subnet to allocate subnets from, e.g. 10.1.0.0/16.
- `subnet_length` (Number) The size of the subnets to be allocated from within the parent subnet, e.g. 29 (which could allocate 10.1.0.8/29, for example).

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--segments--allocations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.segments.allocations`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of this allocation.
- `value` (String) Allocation to reserve.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--segments--reservations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.segments.reservations`

Optional:

- `end` (String) Value to reserve to.
- `start` (String) Value to start reserving.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
