---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_workflow_definition_list Data Source - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_workflow_definition_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) WorkflowDefinitionSpec defines the desired state of FlowDefinition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) WorkflowDefinitionStatus defines the observed state of FlowDefinition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `flow_definition_resource` (Attributes) the resource type to be used for this flow, can only be set if Schema is not set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--flow_definition_resource))
- `flow_definition_schema` (Attributes) the schema for the flow, can only be set if Resource is not set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--flow_definition_schema))
- `image` (String) Container image containing the flow. For example "ghcr.io/nokia-eda/apps/operatingsystem:v1.0.0".
- `image_pull_secrets` (List of String) Secrets to use to pull the image for this workflow.
- `namespaced` (Boolean) If set, resources of this CRD are namespace scoped

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--flow_definition_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.flow_definition_resource`

Optional:

- `group` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--flow_definition_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.flow_definition_schema`

Optional:

- `json_schema_spec` (String) A string containing the JSON schema the workflow accepts as input.
- `json_schema_status` (String) A string containing the JSON schema the workflow will populate as output.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
