---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreapp-v1_node_profile Resource - coreapp-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coreapp-v1_node_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) NodeProfileSpec defines the desired state of NodeProfile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the NodeProfile
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `node_user` (String) Reference to a NodeUser to use for authentication to TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile.
- `operating_system` (String) Sets the operating system of this NodeProfile, e.g. srl.
- `version` (String) Sets the software version of this NodeProfile, e.g. 24.7.1 (for srl), or 24.7.r1 (for sros).
- `yang` (String) URL containing YANG modules and schema profile to use when interacting with TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. http://eda-asvr/schemaprofiles/srlinux-24.7.1.zip.

Optional:

- `annotate` (Boolean) Indicates if NPP should annotate sent configuration.
- `container_image` (String) Container image to use when simulating TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. ghcr.io/nokia/srlinux:24.7.1.
- `dhcp` (Attributes) DHCP options to use when onboarding the TopoNode. Optional if not bootstrapping using EDA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dhcp))
- `image_pull_secret` (String) Secret used to authenticate to the container registry where the container image is hosted.
- `images` (Attributes List) URLs hosting software images for bootstrapping TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--images))
- `license` (String) ConfigMap containing a license for TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile.
- `llm_db` (String) URL containing LLDB  to use when interacting with LLM-DB and OpenAI for query autocompletion, e.g. http://eda-asvr/llmdb/ce-llm-db-srlinux-24.7.1.tar.gz.
- `onboarding_password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use when onboarding TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. admin.
- `onboarding_username` (String) The username to use when onboarding TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. admin.
- `platform_path` (String) JSPath to use for retrieving the version string from TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. .platform.chassis.type.
- `port` (Number) Port used to establish a connection to the TopoNode, e.g. 57400.
- `serial_number_path` (String) JSPath to use for retrieving the serial number string from TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. .platform.chassis.serial-number.
- `version_match` (String) Regular expression to match the node-retrieved version string to TopoNode version, e.g. v0\.0\.0.*.
- `version_path` (String) JSPath to use for retrieving the version string from TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile, e.g. .system.information.version.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dhcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dhcp`

Optional:

- `dhcp4_options` (Attributes List) DHCPv4 options to return to TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dhcp--dhcp4_options))
- `dhcp6_options` (Attributes List) DHCPv6 options to return to TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--dhcp--dhcp6_options))
- `management_poolv4` (String) IPInSubnetAllocationPool to use for IPv4 allocations of the management address for TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile.
- `management_poolv6` (String) IPInSubnetAllocationPool to use for IPv6 allocations of the management address for TopoNodes referencing this NodeProfile.
- `preferred_address_family` (String) Preferred IP address family

<a id="nestedatt--spec--dhcp--dhcp4_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dhcp.dhcp4_options`

Required:

- `option` (String) DHCPv4 option to return to the TopoNode.
- `value` (List of String) Value to return to the TopoNode for the specified option.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--dhcp--dhcp6_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.dhcp.dhcp6_options`

Required:

- `option` (String) DHCPv6 option to return to the TopoNode.
- `value` (List of String) Value to return to the TopoNode for the specified option.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.images`

Required:

- `image` (String) URL hosting the software image, e.g. srlimages/srlinux-24.7.1.bin.

Optional:

- `image_md5` (String) URL hosting the software image md5 hash. e.g. srlimages/srlinux-24.7.1.bin.md5.



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
